[OSDOCS-8856] ROSA CLI release 1.2.31 what's new info (#68554)
openshift/openshift-docs: rosa_release_notes/rosa-release-notes.adoc

[id="rosa-q4-2023_{context}"]
=== Q4 2023

> * **ROSA CLI update.** The ROSA CLI (`rosa`) was updated to a new version. For information about what has changed in this release, see the link:https://github.com/openshift/rosa/releases/tag/v1.2.31[ROSA CLI release notes]. For more information about the ROSA CLI (`rosa`), see xref:../cli_reference/rosa_cli/rosa-get-started-cli.adoc#rosa-about_rosa-getting-started-cli[About the ROSA CLI].

Reviewer: Do we want the version number here, also? 
```suggestion
* **ROSA CLI update.** The ROSA CLI (`rosa`) was updated to version 1.2.31. For information about what has changed in this release, see the link:https://github.com/openshift/rosa/releases/tag/v1.2.31[ROSA CLI release notes]. For more information about the ROSA CLI (`rosa`), see xref:../cli_reference/rosa_cli/rosa-get-started-cli.adoc#rosa-about_rosa-getting-started-cli[About the ROSA CLI].
```

Author: I do not, that keeps the text templated and keeps the maintenance down. It was very deliberate to not have the version number.
